[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the secrets
they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] Two years have
passed since the War of the Best
in Marineford.
Luffy and his crew reunite to
continue on to the New World.
The first stop on their
journey is Fishman Island,
which resides thousands
of feet below sea level.
Now, they're
separated once again,
stirring up trouble all
over the ocean floor.
Luffy smuggled the
princess Shirahoshi
out of Ryugu Palace
for an adventure.
Robin received a lead
on the whereabouts
of a Poneglyph hidden
on Fishman Island.
[ROBIN] The crew can
take care of themselves.
I can't miss a chance to uncover
the world's lost history.
[NARRATOR] Franky stumbled upon
the Sunny at the Sea Forest.
a resting place
for sunken ships.
[DEN chuckles]
I'll do the ship
coating for you.
And I'll do it with gusto.
[FRANKY] Haven't heard
that one in a while.
Oh, uh, sorry, I never
caught your name.
Call me Den.
[FRANKY] By way, I've been
meaning to ask you.
There's a dude sitting
all alone over there.
Do you know who he is?
Uh-huh! That would
be the Boss, Jimbei.
Consider it a term
of endearment.
He's waiting for someone.
[NARRATOR] After Zoro,
Usopp, Nami, and Brook
managed to accidentally
seize the palace,
they found themselves
face-to-face
with the rebel uprising of
Hordy and Vander Decken,
who are out to destroy
Ryugu Kingdom.
[DECKEN]
Someone took my Shirahoshi?
Ah! This is a tragedy!
[NEPTUNE]
She's not yours!
And damn right it's a tragedy!
[DECKEN yells]
We've been in love
for ten years!
Nothing can tear
us apart, Princess!
Except death, that is!
[laughing]
If I can't have you,
then nobody can!
You're about to be a big,
beautiful corpse, Shirahoshi!
[LUFFY]
"The Battle in the Ryugu Palace!
Zoro vs. Hordy!"
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Oh, that one's an octopus!
And that looks like a blowfish!
And look! There's a
killifish over there!
That's lame. Do all clouds
look like fish to you?
That's a rice ball!
And that one looks
like a giant doughnut!
A chunk of meat!
They all look like
food to you, Luffy!
[LUFFY chuckles]
Guess so!
[SHIRAHOSHI chuckles]
[NEPTUNE]
Jamon! Jamon! Jamon!
Hold on.
What's the matter with you now?
[SHIRAHOSHI]
My poor father!
He's surely found me missing.
He must be worried sick by now!
[crying]
[LUFFY] Ah, jeez, is there
anything that doesn't
make you cry?
[SHIRAHOSHI crying]
Cheer up, ya sissy!
You goof!
Hey, I'm not tryin'
to make you laugh!
Swallow her back up, shark!
[NEPTUNE crying]
Vander Decken is going to
capture my precious Shirahoshi!
Poor Neptune!
[NEPTUNE]
Please. I beg of you people!
I'll give you anything
you ask for!
Just let me go after Decken!
You can have my
kingdom's fortune!
You can even take my
soldiers' lives if you want!
[FISHMEN]
Huh?!
No, King! They can't!
[NEPTUNE] I can't let that
beast catch Shirahoshi!
My sweet, innocent,
not-so little girl!
[crying]
[HORDY] You're quite the
pathetic sight, Neptune.
But what a shock.
I was confident that I
could take the palace,
but I never thought the
loathsome Straw Hats
would be part of the story.
[NAMI]
He knows us?
[NAMI] He's got the mark
of Arlong on his arm!
[HORDY chuckling]
Jimbei.
He tried to warn me that there
was something wicked
going on in the
Fishman District.
But you...
How could a former
soldier of Neptune's army
be the ringleader?
Shame on you! Hordy!
[laughs]
Shame, huh?
[laughing]
I'm sorry.
I can't drum up any shame,
maybe because I never
felt pride in the army
to begin with.
Listen, there's only
one reason why I joined,
and that was to
learn combat skills
so I can turn this
world upside down.
Simple as that.
You traitor!
[HORDY]
You helped me set things right.
What do you mean?
[HORDY] The comforts of your
royal palace have blinded you
to what's been happening
on this island.
[HORDY]
Ever since I was a child,
as far back as I can remember,
I've seen Fishmen oppressed
by barbaric humans.
[DOSUN]
Ah! Help me, someone!
[yells]
All the trouble it took
to get to this island,
we might as well grab
a couple of souvenirs
to take back with us, huh?
[GROUP laughs]
Please, just let me go! Help!
[GROUP]
Give us back our friend!
[yells]
[grunts]
Well, look at this.
A couple of rowdy Fishman brats.
You wanna join us?
I mean, you're not worth
as much as any Merfolk,
but y'know.
if we sell you off as a set,
the auction house
might cut us a deal.
All right.
I've heard enough of your crap.
[MEN grunting]
[ARLONG] Pathetic creatures
can't even breathe underwater.
And yet, no matter
how many we kill,
they don't stop.
[HORDY] Arlong had a fierce
determination to suffocate
the arrogance out of humankind.
I deeply admired him for that.
And now, we will
restore his dream.
The New Fishman Pirates
continue his legacy!
[HORDY] He was the reason
I cultivated my strength.
I had to train until
I was strong enough
to become Arlong's
right-hand man.
I dreamed of standing by
his side when he conquered
the world from the East Blue.
Well...
I did until you humans
came along and crushed
everything he worked for.
Oh, man!
I thought we were
done with Arlong.
Can't you just let it go?
What? Not Arlong!
I'm just kidding.
In truth, I don't even
know who Arlong is.
I just didn't wanna
be left out, y'know?
Yohohoho--agh!
Ow! How rude!
I'll have you know
that I bruise easily!
Shut up!
This is no time for jokes!
Enough chit-chat.
We have business.
So let's get down to it.
Stand back!
What the--?
Shark Grip!
[FISHMEN gasping]
He's doing that
with just his fingers?
Is he trying to bring
the palace down?
[PAPPAGU]
Okay, I am so not into this!
I'll check you later!
Camie. I need a favor from you.
[CAMIE]
Huh?
Is that his own strength?
Yeah, he hasn't taken
a single energy steroid.
Not yet at least.
[HORDY yells]
[MAN A yells]
He just destroyed that pillar!
Ah, damn!
The creep's flooding the joint!
I came here for a banquet,
not for drowning!
[BROOK crying]
[HORDY laughs]
Oh, crap, water drops!
Hit the deck!
He's gonna do it!
[PIRATE H gasps]
Shark Arrows!
Those're gonna hit the guards!
[NEPTUNE]
Hm?
[FISHMEN yell]
[USOPP, BROOK yell]
[NEPTUNE]
You monster!
My guards are innocent men;
how dare you shoot them down!
Leave them be!
You deranged cretin!
King Neptune!
You can't do that, sire!
[NEPTUNE] Your lives
are my responsibility!
[FISHMEN]
Your highness, no!
[HORDY]
Sentimental fool!
Risking his life
for lowly pawns.
Just more proof that you don't
have what it takes to be king!
King Neptune!
Damn you, Hordy!
Why? They're chained
and unarmed!
Damn. He's brutal.
Also, he's way stronger
than Arlong ever was!
[ZORO]
One-Sword Style!
Bird Dance!
[PIRATES gasp]
Wait, Boss, please!
Can't you just move
out of the way?
That creep!
He used his own
crewmate as a shield!
Hey. You two.
Go untie all of the soldiers.
[USOPP, BROOK]
Huh?
Our negotiation
with the kingdom.
It collapsed.
We gave them our word to give
back all the hostages unharmed.
And we couldn't
keep that promise.
They're so honest.
[USOPP]
You're right. I'm on it!
[BROOK] Ah...
My foot's in the water!
I can feel my life
draining away!
Help me, Nami!
Wait. Where's Nami? Look.
Huh? She's gone?
It's not just her!
Camie has gone missing, too!
Oh, great!
We're losing our
friends left and right!
First priority is releasing
these guys, though.
Just try to hang in there
and keep at it, Brook!
Always riding my bones.
I recommend running now.
Oh!
I need you to untie your
other comrades, please.
I'm afraid I don't have
the energy for it.
Untie the others quickly
and take up your arms!
Don't let them do a damn thing!
Destroy Neptune's army
and the Straw Hats.
Kill them all!
[PIRATES yell]
Special Attack:
Green Star "Rafflesia"!
Whoa! That shot turned
into a giant flower!
With such exotic flora!
Breathe deep!
[PIRATES]
Ugh!
Gah! It stinks!
[coughs]
Damn. Bunch of fools.
[USOPP laughs]
Enjoy!
I'm dying here.
C'mon, Zoro! Let's move!
Listen up.
Do me a favor and help
those two get out of here.
[NEPTUNE]
And what about you?
[ZORO] We're not gonna
make it out of here.
Not if that guy's chasing us.
This is a revolution...
and you're in the way.
[FRANKY]
All right, well that's a relief.
Doesn't look like
anything's broken.
Sorry I put you through the
ringer like that, partner.
You just rest here for a while
and build your strength
back up.
Hey, pal.
You want me to help
out with the coating?
[DEN]
Not necessary.
A man's best off sticking
to his own trade.
[FRANKY] Good point.
I'll leave you to it.
Well, look at that,
there you are.
Sunny!
Heya, Robin!
Huh? This a friend of yours?
Yep. You finish up
all your business?
Not yet.
I've still got something
big I need to check on.
And there it is.
[DEN] Hey! Where d'ya
think you're going?
Outsiders aren't supposed
to go in there.
[ROBIN]
Thanks, I'll keep that in mind.
Heh! She's a weird one, huh?
[DEN]
Seriously?
No offense,
but look who's talking.
[GROUP grunting]
Quite impressive.
You were the only one quick
enough to dodge my arrows.
But then again,
you've seen them before.
I have a lot of
respect for Arlong,
but I've surpassed him.
Your skills are
inconsequential now.
You're helpless here.
No human stands a chance
against a Fishman in the sea!
Yah!
[HORDY laughs]
[HORDY]
Yah!
[laughing]
There's no deflecting
my arrows in the water!
[ZORO]
Three-Sword Style! Tatsu-Maki!
Oh. Not bad.
I can let loose.
[ZORO] I can't keep this
up for much longer.
[CHOPPER]
Just stay with me, Hachi!
You're gonna be okay!
[HACHI grunts]
No, you need to get out of here!
Quit worrying about us,
we'll be fine!
C'mon! Focus on you first!
What's up with the angry mob?
Give us back the Mermaids!
[FISHMAN G] Yeah! We're nothing
but objects to you humans!
[SANJI] Hm?
What're you talking about?
[FISHMAN H]
Don't play dumb, pirates!
The word's gotten around town!
We know you did it!
We know you kidnapped
all those poor Mermaids
from the beach in the south!
Where did you take them, huh?
You've got the wrong guys here.
Besides, what gives you
the idea that we're the ones
behind this?
I mean, I will admit.
I love Mermaids so much
I want to keep them
all for myself!
Regardless, our crew
didn't kidnap them.
You hear that? He just
admitted that he wants them!
Will you jerks shut up?
There's a dying man here!
[FISHMAN D]
I knew you pirates were guilty!
[FISHWOMAN A]
Get off our island!
[CHOPPER]
Ow!
Hey, this bottle is almost full!
That's a waste of good booze!
Shut up, human!
Oh, hey! Sanji! Chopper!
Hey, Sanji! Get your
nose under control?
Luffy! Is that a blowfish?
Who is that human gentleman?
And is that...
...a raccoon!
It looks just like
the picture I saw!
You know them, Luffy?
You're friends?
[LUFFY] Yeah, those guys
are my crewmembers.
Wow. Interesting crew.
Look! Up there, the captain
of the Straw Hat crew!
You're right, it is!
You gave the order
to kidnap the mermaids.
Didn't you?
[MEGALO choking]
We can't let all of the
people down there see me.
Hey! Shut your mouth, hurry!
[LUFFY yells]
I'm gonna go check
things out on the ground.
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Huh?
[FISHMEN gasp]
[FISHMAN E]
He jumped off!
Hey! Hachi! What happened?
Leave, Straw Hat.
Did some jerk do this to you?
Tell me who it was!
We tried, but he won't
say for some reason.
[HACHI]
You have to get off the island!
That's the only thing he'll say.
[FISHMAN F]
Hang on a second.
I heard that Straw Hat had
taken over the Ryugu Palace.
It's a ploy.
He's out to kidnap
more of us Mermaids.
He left his men at the palace
so he could go out marauding!
I know what he wants!
He's gonna kidnap
Princess Shirahoshi too!
Oh, don't be ridiculous.
That's absurd and you know it.
The princess is
the size of an Orca.
Plus, she's the God of
the Sea's only daughter,
remember?
Some lowlife might
dream of kidnapping her,
but nobody could pull it off.
Huh? What's up
with that blowfish?
[FISHMEN gasp]
No!
[MEGALO choking]
[SHIRAHOSHI yelps]
[FISHMEN]
Huh?!
[CHOPPER]
[FISHMEN]
Princess Shirahoshi?
Um... I, uh...
Well, um, y'see...
Uh, good job, you found me!
She's huge! Oh, no. Is she...
...the Mermaid Princess?
[SANJI]
Hey, what's up?
Something going on behind me?
No, it's nothing!
No matter what you hear,
please don't turn around!
Huh? Why, what's the big deal?
Don't do it!
I don't want you to die, Sanji!
Ah, jeez.
[FISHMEN]
Huh?!
The Pirates!
They kidnapped the princess!
[NARRATOR] Luffy's captured by a
group of stalwart fishermen
who are enraged by Shirahoshi's
apparent kidnapping.
Suddenly, Vander Decken appears,
forcing Luffy into combat
despite his arms being tied.
If Luffy can escape
to the sea forest,
He will be reunited with Sanji,
but the lecherous chef may not
survive the sight of the
mermaid princess.
On the next One Piece!
"Keep Shirahoshi Safe!
Decken Close Behind!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!